Meeting Title: Google meet - Mark and Kurt
Date: Feb 3

Transcript:
 
Them: Before that, if we already have acquired the asset. And it's under us. Then we're paying it back with the monthly revenue anyway. Right. And we can extend the term based on what the company can cash flow wise, pay back the so the reason why I like this one. Speaking when we get into this slide. The key component for the reason to have owner Finance out of this first acquisition is because it benefits them from a risk standpoint and it benefits us from a dilution standpoint. That's right. So we want to speak to them as to why it benefits them from a risk standpoint. Number one, because we're going to pay them. Consecutively, consistently, month after month. After we've agreed on evaluation that irregardless of whether we list or not, unless part of the terms. Know they don't have enough cash flow and we can't meet the terms of the payments. Which, if that was the case, we'd just extend the terms out. If they're generating. $200,000 a month in cash flow. And the repayment mechanism. Is 300,000 and it's over a 20 year period. Then we go to them, we say, let's extend it to 30 years. You see what I'm saying? To where we can meet that projection? Because one of the objections that they might have, which I would have, is, well, we don't want to base payment the first payment off of after you list, because what if you never list? See what I'm saying? Yeah, I hear you. So I think the way to object to that is we say, well, if we don't list within a certain period of time, Then the payments will start accruing and be due. Upon that first month after, I don't know, give ourselves 12 months or 18 months or whatever it is. Yeah, I think always use less time frame. Well, but we got to use less time frame. We don't want to get ourselves caught up in a situation to where they say, well, why don't we do it in six months? Well, and you and I know there's a chance we might not be public in six months. Bob. Just putting all this slide packet aside. Just so that you and I working together going forward. I'm an aggressive. At sales. Right. And I understand that you come from a very SEC governance background. I'm always going to tell people what they want to hear, but in writing and in documents and in contracts. It might be a little bit different to what I said verbally, but it's not me skewing from the truth. It's just that I'm always telling the idea. So I would always say six to eight months. But if it's 12, all that's unfortunate. Pushed out the 12. Do you know what I mean? I just noticed. And there's nothing against you, and it's me and Josh. But I always notice that you're always making sure that every eye has got it in T crossed, which is fantastic, because what we need that. And I'm not saying I'm not. I come from a governance leadership, health and safety background. Where every eye has been dotted in teeth. But when I'm in sales mode, I'm always selling the big picture. I'm always selling the idea. And. Yeah, exactly. I'm always just trying to get them as quick. Like me and Josh always use the term is when you're in a hotel waiting for your room keys. The most painful part of the stay when you're in line, they're taking their time. People just want to get their room key. And go. I'm always in sales mode. To go. Hello, sir. Welcome to the Marriott. Here's your room key. So. Aside from what we're talking about, the documentation. Sometimes when I'm talking and I'll say something. And you'll go, oh, well, we can't say exactly that. I get it. And that's great, because that's where we will complement each other. I'm not selling bullshit and lies. I'm just constantly selling a narrative. To keep people on the bandwagon engaged. Now, if we said to them, Today. We reckon there will be IQ in two years. The deal's dead. It ain't going. Yeah, I get it. Well, and that's why I think you leading this and then me filling in correct is probably the best approach. Correct. I'm not a sales guy, and I'll be pretty. I won't overreach in terms of. Statements where I'm fine if you do. Of course. Also, that's what I'm saying. Even in emails, even in documents. I know that you're going to make sure that the wording is right, but that's not like my insurance policy a little bit. Right. Because I know when it comes to the crunch, when we start sending documents around, If I said eight months? And then in the terms that said 12 months, we're already past the hard part. And they're probably four months there. They're not going to go. Or Kurt, you said eight four weeks ago. Oh, yeah. Well, the 12 months is there for a bit of give and take. Do you know what I mean? But If I did 18 months and two years tomorrow on the call or whenever they call you, forget it. It's over, right? Yeah. No, that makes sense. So it's the same with. I mean, we'll just kind of let it flow the way it flows, and I think you leading, and then Josh and I filling in where we need to fill in and explain things. I think that's the best way to. Yeah. And Even, like the 8 and 10X, I'm throwing those numbers around, but I always say it's never guaranteed. Now, I know in your world you would never do that. And I know that 20 years of doing IPOs and all that, it's just ingrained into you to never comment like that. But I'm allowed to. I'm a bit more free. To make those sort of comments does not mean that we're agreeing on it and does not mean that we've locked in a contract and guarantee that, because I do notice a lot of your comments is we can't guarantee that. We can't say that I'm not having a go. I'M just saying, just so you and I on the same page. If you see me in a meeting and I'm yapping. You're like. Just know that Kurt's just doing his thing. I'm not locking anything in. Okay? Y. Eah. So are we taking out primary alternative and fall back then those words. I think we should. Yeah. Yeah, I don't think we need to specifically say what we want. Because we do somewhat want to know what they're looking for. And then we can kind of go from there. Yeah. It even should just be best option, secondary option. Or just have nothing. Yeah. Interesting. I don't see any issues there. That's the one we're going to talk through. Well, there's a number of public companies that own data centers. I mean, there was one. I don't know where it's trading today. But a few months ago it was trading at 35x. We're just trying to reference that. We're not trying to say data center companies do Corvettes. We're trying to say the model with the vendor financing, which we're currently doing in a sister company, is exactly this. So basically what we're saying. It's okay. We'll hold your hand. This system already works. It's okay to drink from the till then. It's proven there's a number of companies that are trading at 10x plus. Well, I mean, that's actually a good question. The company I'm a shareholder in, one of the investors said, why didn't you set this up as a reit? We're not doing that right now. Is there a potential that we could do that down the road? Yes. But that's a whole nother process. I don't even want to bring up REITs. Unless they bring them up, there's no point on that conversation. We're a holding company that's basically doing a roll up strategy of operating data centers. Yeah. This particular slide is a showcase where I'm going to lead into it and go. Now, we've talked about what's on offer here. But we want to give you some level of comfort here because I've already told them this is going on. I've said that this is a US based roll up. And these guys are getting the opportunity to be part of the first APAC region roll up. That's why they keep telling me to come to APAC. Come, Ms. CO. Well, let's get this done. We want to be the first. We want to be the first. You know what I mean? These whole sales. Thing is all about ipos. Nasdaq be the first in the country to do it with data center. So that's what's got them all on the hook. So we're talking to that. So this case study is Mark saying. Kurt's done a great job or whatever. Or Kurt's attacking the APAC region. Or we're coming into the OPEC region. You guys are going to be the first. We've already currently done this in the US. With four data centers. And there should be four little data centers on that page. Josh. That's okay. It's listed in the us. So they can see and Mark can go. This is what we did. We acquired one. We listed that person got equity. They did the vendor finance. With us. The second one. Y. Eah. Perfect. But what you can do is we can build a narrative to say, the first one did mentor finance and we were able to go very quickly to ipo. The second one took cash and equity because they didn't need it, and then do the other two on vendor finance. So it goes. So it looks like. Or sort of your 300 defender finance. Why did it work so well for them? Because we were able to move quickly. Did we? Scare you. De risk us. And it worked. For everyone. And we're doing forming and revenue, and the company's gone 53 million in 14x. We're just replicating it and doing it for your region, and we're giving you the opportunity to be the first one. Would you like your room key now or later? No, I think it looks pretty good. Before. The first step. Needs to be the financial audit before anything. You can't. We don't want to do loi first because I believe we can get the financial audit done before going into an loi. Now, if they want it the other way around, then so be it. But I believe we can get the financials without being under loi, which is obviously better for us because as soon as we issue them in loi, in my eyes, it was my company. I'm getting a lawyer to look over it. It's going to drag on. Well, I would rather get the financials first. Snaps. Hot. Look at it. Okay? They're 2 million over what they said. Now we might go. Okay. Well, you're 2 million over our loi. Is based on this. Not that because we might be issuing the LOI and going blah, blah, blah. I want to know what the finances are before we issue that. And to be honest. And to be honest. Mark. I said this right at the front. I honestly believe. The financial sake. So it comes in at 7 million. That's where I want you to kick in. And go, guys, at 7 million, this, that, the other. This is a deal. At some point, someone in the room needs to be able to make a call between us three and go. This is a deal. And this is where it comes back to you, Mark. I believe we can raise 300, $500,000 in free seat money if we get this deal done. Because before I get on a plane, I need some of that reassurance. Right. No, that makes sense. And I think I've done more than enough to get us to this part. And if these guys agree to a vendor finance and they're financially good, We've got to get that cash. It's not up for debate anymore. I think we've done as a group. We've done enough. I think we're feeling more comfortable. But we just have to, because there's no way I can issue a letter of intent that's not in person. And there's no way I'm doing it. Without some reassurance. Because once that letter has been issued and. We don't have due diligence. Which could. Be progressing. Well, as we all know, I'm probably saying stuff that you guys already know, but once we can get confirmation that everything that they're presenting to us from their company can be confirmed, Upon. All that stuff is what helps investors. Want to make investments. When we're talking to investors, I don't care where they're at in the world. If they say, what's the revenues? And we're telling them about their financials, it's just simple things. Who's the auditor? Do you have audited financials? How do you know this location exists? How do you know this is real? All these things are just. The more we can provide from a confirmative standpoint, the easier it is for them to make a decision. Of course, but this is what I'm saying. Right, I get all that. And we are providing it all. We're getting financial, we're having meetings with the owners, we're looking at videos, fly throughs. We can look at it like Google Earth. I've got the geolocations of it. Now, what I'm saying is. And I know I'm dragging it out. Josh. But the next step. Is important. Because the audit needs to be done first. And the other step? I agree. But once we got that back, If that looks true. And real. And you're happy with it. The ball sort of in your court. To finalise the last piece. So we can go execute. Because. Unless that's in play. I still don't have the reassurance that I'm doing the right thing by getting on a plane and going formally issuing a letter. With 10. Right? No, I think once we've seen audited financials from a reputable auditing firm, And we confirm that and we check that box off the list. As part of the loi, we can get the rest of the due diligence. Like, we're going to want to review executed contracts and those sort of things, of course. Just some additional layers of due diligence that we're going to need to do. To identify things for investors, because when we're in investor conference communications and they start asking for stuff, If we can't provide proof, we're going to lose them. So what we will be doing is our investor deck should be similar to this. Which gets them salivating. And if they want more information on the actual asset, They can fill out a link and we will drop a report. And in that report, we'll have the financials, we'll have the location, it will have pictures. I would have taken pictures inside. Outside will have contractual details. We'll have the video fly. Through, we'll have more than enough for them to look out and go, Holy shit. Ok, I want in. We're not just going to. And the other key to this is if there's any pushback on their end. What I usually tell companies like this is we have to have this information to list anyways. That's right. Everything has to be. Everything has to be publicly filed. And the SEC and the auditors that are going to help us with our listing and the securities attorneys and all them, they're going to have to verify and confirm that information anyway. So that's just going to help us get to the listing quicker. Exactly. And that's why around that 8 months, 12 months. Now, if the 12 month is based on them dragging their feet, it's on them, not up. Right. Okay? No, that's. The case, Josh. I just wanted to make sure we were clear about this, because the timeline at the back of Next Step is important. Leading what I'm saying. So you just need to write those next steps in a time like a lit timeline. And color code it. And that we will talk to that at the back end. But do you have enough now to fix that report, finalise it and get it over to me so I can send it to. Pain. Yeah. Once you get the final. Once you finalize everything, shoot it over to me. I'm going to give it one more quick review, and then I'll sign off on it. All right. I'll be around early in the morning. But I won't be around later tonight. Josh. Do you have? The website up. I. Haven't. Well, I've glanced at it, but not in detail. I do. I was making some notes, so I'm going to have to. I'll provide you with some thoughts on it. Ex. Actly. Yeah, exactly. I think. It should be a link that people can just. Click on. Public. I don't like the friction. Yeah. If you can just remember the possibility and then reissue it. Now that we've had this conversation. And we're aligned. More on this report. I can then drill into it a bit further. I'll ease. Joe. Thanks for the call. I appreciate it. All right. Thanks, guys. All right, bye. 